well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we're gonna start off with a story
today
he had a buddy and he he wants to put on
a privacy fence
around his raised beds up in the front
yard because as he is tending
to his garden you know he's bent over
and the people on the road so he wants
privacy funds
he calls me up and he's like hey need
your help putting in a fence
sure no problem i grab my drill my
hammer
pry bar just in case level string you
know everything you need
and i head over there i get out of the
truck
and he's got this puzzled look on his
face because while he'd been talking
about that privacy fence
he actually needed help moving some
agricultural fencing in the backyard
which is
it's green wire fencing you literally
pick it up and move it
it's not a big deal i didn't have the
right tools with me
is the point i'm getting at right tools
for the job
although both things are kind of the
same it's a fence
you need different tools
in completely unrelated news two studies
have come out
suggesting that access to military
equipment
neither reduces crime nor
increases officer safety
imagine that tools for different jobs
don't help they determine this by going
back and looking because the
program that supplies this stuff it's
been suspended and restarted a number of
times
and what they found out was that there
was no difference it didn't change any
rates
so the equipment didn't actually do
anything
if it doesn't deter crime and it does
not increase officer safety what good is
it
apparently not however we do know
that when some law enforcement agencies
have access
to this kind of equipment they want to
use it
oftentimes they are not necessarily
trained
in how to use it they want to engage in
little operations
that may not necessarily be well thought
out
because they focus on that last couple
of minutes after they go through the
door
because that's the fun part they don't
focus on the weeks of planning
that is supposed to go into something
like that
these studies will probably be used to
suggest that this program is terminated
again
and that makes sense unions are already
pushing back against this idea because
they want their toys
one of my favorite comments so far
is somebody saying that they needed this
stuff
they needed the military hardware
because we are very often out gunned
our body armor is kind of minimalistic
because it's something we have to wear
12 hours a day
take as much time with that as you need
to i'm going to suggest
that if you are willing to sacrifice
protection
in exchange for comfort as you ride
around in your air-conditioned patrol
car
that perhaps getting shot at isn't a big
part of your job
you know i remember all those guys
coming back from over there saying you
know
i really wish i just had that kevlar
that the cops had instead of those heavy
plates
because those are uncomfortable no of
course not that never happened nobody
ever said that
in the history of histories because it's
a different job
it is a big part of what the military
does
they are different jobs they require
different tools
much like that fence you need less tools
for lighter work law enforcement
should be focusing more on moving
towards consent based policing
than trying to turn itself into a
military
it doesn't do any good it doesn't
increase officer safety
it doesn't deter crime but we know
that it causes people to get hurt
i would hope given the fact that this is
one of those things
that biden can end pretty quickly
i would hope he does that because at
this point
there's no evidence suggesting it helps
but we know it's a liability
in the risk versus reward apparently
there's only risk
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day